---
title: Week 2 of Year 9
layout: post
author: dylan.morgan
permalink: /week-2-of-year-9/
source-id: 14M0vdM07uct45Y15JMtDEzkLzKh4ugshv1rR-fxyOgA
published: true
---
<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Title</td>
    <td>Week 2 of Year 9</td>
    <td>Date</td>
    <td>12/9/18</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Starting point:</td>
    <td>show our blogs</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Target for this lesson?</td>
    <td>Have a website</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Did I reach my target? 
(add details to "Lesson Review")</td>
    <td>Yes</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Lesson Review</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What we did in the lesson?</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>We came into the lesson and we sat down and logged in to the computers and were asked to show our website to see if there was a blog on there. We then sat down near the front and Mr Keen started talking about code, encoding, binary and encrypting. We learnt about how a computer works using binary and how encryption works in the html as they pick a huge prime number and do a calculation with another one that another person has when they clicked on a website. We then went on to how computers used to only have 8 bits but now they can go all the way up to 1024 bits. We learnt about how there are some people called savants who can do calculations rapidly without even thinking about it, there brain just does it for them. Just before the end we learnt about data protection and consent for images being taken and shared on the internet.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What strategies were effective?</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>An effective strategy was to listen to Mr Keen and the people talking as well as I could as I learnt a lot by listening carefully. This helped my learning as it improved my knowledge on the subjects we were discussing and it was a good conversation going on.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What will I change for next time? How will I improve my learning?</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Next time I will try to contribute more as it will benefit others from what I say and it will improve my confidence . It will improve my learning as it will make me more knowledgeable and improve others learning as well.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


